README.md, before:

## What is mij?

mij is a communal blogging platform, with a few editorial features. It is for my vanity project 'ploe.co.uk' - which is supposed to be a creative writing site.

As a platform you are free to remix and rejigger it. Feel free! Contribute features and bug fixes too. You never know what I might like. The site is artwork as well as the work that gets featured there, it'd be nice to see the fingerprints of folk all over it. S'your call!

## Features

   - Articles uploaded to the site can either be rejected or featured
   - Rejected articles are purged from the site
   - Featured articles persist and appear on the front page
   - Users can critique each other's work - this is limited to one critique per work per user
   - Password free login, the user gets a login token sent to their email similar to what is sent when you request to reset your password from other places.

## Development

mij is currently under active Development, it isn't finished and I'm open to features and bug fixes.

If you want a fresh version of the site to play with [you can get the Docker image here](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/ploe/mij/).

You can also get it up and running be doing the following commands from the shell:

```bash
docker pull ploe/mij
docker run -p 8989:8989 -ti ploe/mij /bin/sh -c 'cd /mij/src; ./main.rb'
```

Then if you head on over to port 8989 on your localhost, or Docker VM, you will see your version of the site all virginal and ready to exploit. Tuck in sailor...

## License

mij is available under the FreeBSD license.

```
Copyright (c) 2014, Myke Atkinson
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```

Commit message:

README updated
README has been updated to reflect a little bit of information about the
Docker container.

Not much else.

README.md, after:

## What is mij?

mij is a communal blogging platform, with a few editorial features. It is for my vanity project 'ploe.co.uk' - which is supposed to be a creative writing site.

As a platform you are free to remix and rejigger it. Feel free! Contribute features and bug fixes too. You never know what I might like. The site is artwork as well as the work that gets featured there, it'd be nice to see the fingerprints of folk all over it. S'your call!

## Features

   - Articles uploaded to the site can either be rejected or featured
   - Rejected articles are purged from the site
   - Featured articles persist and appear on the front page
   - Users can critique each other's work - this is limited to one critique per work per user
   - Password free login, the user gets a login token sent to their email similar to what is sent when you request to reset your password from other places.

## Development

mij is currently under active Development, it isn't finished and I'm open to features and bug fixes.

If you want a fresh version of the site to play with [you can get the Docker image here](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/ploe/mij/).

You can also get it up and running be doing the following commands from the shell:

```
docker pull ploe/mij
docker run -p 8989:8989 -ti ploe/mij /bin/sh -c 'cd /mij/src; ./main.rb'
```

Then if you head on over to port 8989 on your localhost, or Docker VM, you will see your version of the site all virginal and ready to exploit. Tuck in sailor...

When logging in on the Docker image the email with the login key is only dumped to stderr, and isn't sent for real. You should copy the URL from there and drop it in to your browser.

You may also need to amend the protocol in the URL from HTTPS to HTTP.

## License

mij is available under the FreeBSD license.

```
Copyright (c) 2014, Myke Atkinson
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```
